Update read me about samples (#1287)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-c: README.md

</tr>
</table>

> - ``Samples``: Storage Samples are built by default using the default PAL and HTTP adapter (see [running samples](#running-samples)). This means that running samples without building an HTTP transport adapter would throw errors like:

Reviewer: We should have a `BUILD_SAMPLES` option to simplify this.

Reviewer: Oh, we do `AZ_SDK_C_NO_SAMPLES`.

Are storage samples being built even when `AZ_SDK_C_NO_SAMPLES` is on?

Author: `AZ_SDK_C_NO_SAMPLES` disables all samples generation.

## Running Samples

> See [cmake options](#cmake-options) to learn about how to build an HTTP transport adapter and how to set PAHO cmake option to build IoT samples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [cmake options](#cmake-options) to learn about how to build an HTTP transport adapter, how to build IoT samples, and to turn logging on.

```

### Storage Sample

> Storage sample would expect storage account with container and SaS to be set in an environment variable `AZURE_STORAGE_URL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The storage sample expects a storage account with a container and SaS token used for authentication to be set in an environment variable `AZURE_STORAGE_URL`.
```

**This is libcurl specific only.**

### IoT samples
Samples for IoT will be built only when CMake option `TRANSPORT_PAHO` is set.
See [compiler options](#compiler-options).

> For more information about IoT project and samples see [IoT](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/tree/master/sdk/docs/iot).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about IoT APIs and samples, see [IoT](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/tree/master/sdk/docs/iot).

```
